docs: installation workaround npm (#1901)
posva/pinia: packages/docs/ssr/nuxt.md

npm install pinia @pinia/nuxt
```

:::tip 

> If you're using **npm**, `ERESOLVE unable to resolve dependency tree` error may happen when trying to `npm install` pinia into Nuxt project. This can be fixed by adding the following into your `package.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using npm, you might encounter an _ERESOLVE unable to resolve dependency tree_ error. In that case, add the following to your `package.json`:
```

And that's it, use your store as usual!

:::tip 
If you're using **npm**, `ERESOLVE unable to resolve dependency tree` error may happen when trying to `npm install` pinia into Nuxt project. This can be fixed by adding the following into your `package.json`:

```js
"overrides": { 

>      "vue": "latest"

Reviewer: I think it should be:

```suggestion
  "vue": "latest"
```

Author: moved the section above + changed ident to 2 spaces to match proper npm json format
